whooaa. stop that sexism. Menism and Mens Rights Activism is only a joke to the man-hating feminists that try to minimize men's rights and downplay their issues, and who want people to THINK its retaliatory. But those are only the man-hating feminists, and most feminists are no man-haters. ALL people need to have equal rights.

Let's talk Custodial Inequality. 80% of custodial parents in the US are mothers, and only 20%
 of custodial parents are fathers. That's not just there are valid cases of males being abused, discriminated, etc'--- That's a HUGE discriminatory discrepancy, and it's a men's issue that needs to be addressed by men's groups and men's rights activism. But it's not an equality issue that is currently addressed by feminism.
The term has partially evolved into a movement promoting awareness of issues the movement perceives are affecting men, opposition to the perceived oppression men face in the 21st century, opposition to the way some perceive that men are victimised by modern-day feminism, and occasionally violence against men.[4][5][6] Women also identify as meninists.[5][7]

According to Martin Daubney of The Telegraph, some meninists have used the term to discuss serious issues affecting men, such as domestic violence against men; fathers' rights and divorce issues; and disproportionate male prison sentences, suicide rates, and rates of homelessness.[5] According to Radhika Sanghani of The Telegraph, the hashtag is most commonly used on Twitter to mock feminism, but has also been used as a way to draw attention to men's issues, similar to "The Red Pill" forum on Reddit. Sanghani says that the movement's reaction to feminism is based more on the label than feminism's views.[8] Abigail James writing for Catholic Online said that while meninism raises legitimate issues which should be taken seriously, its heart is based on a misinterpretation of the meaning of feminism.[9]
The term meninism was used in the early 2000s to describe male feminists who opposed sexism and supported women's right for equality in society, politics and at work.[1][2][self-published source][3] By the next decade, the term was used on social media to make jokes which mocked and criticised radical feminism.[4][5] In 2013 the BBC reported that the hashtag #MeninistTwitter was being used on Twitter, first to share jokes about feminism, but later to share more serious difficulties facing modern men.[4] In 2015, Nolan Feeney of Time reported that those who used meninist hashtags "generally fall in two camps: people who use the term to call out ways they believe they’ve been victimised by feminism, and people who make fun of the first group for not understanding what feminism means in the first place".[6]


Mintified, an India-based media website, started the #BlameOneNotAll hashtag to discourage generalisations of men. According to Victoria Richards of The Independent, the campaign was part of the meninist movement. The campaign received backlash for shifting focus away from the victims of rape and implying that basic decency should be rewarded.[10] In an opinion piece for The Economic Times Shephali Bhatt criticised the use of the movement and International Men's Day to sell deodorant, saying "...for an initiative to become a social phenomena, it needs to be rooted in truth. And the truth is that [men are] a sufficiently privileged gender, comparatively."[11]

The hashtags have also been used for T-shirts and similar, with self-portraits of people wearing the clothes widely shared on social media. Several outlets reported that the clothes and images were widely mocked, and often Photoshopped sarcastically.[6][7][12][13]
Feminism is the idea that women and females have either equal or equitible (depends on what era you're discussing) rights to men and males, and should be treated as such. Menism (commonly called the "men's rights movement" - MRM) is a reactionary notion to third-wave feminism from the 1970s, which many saw (and still see, as it's currently still around in force, in some circles) as going too far in the name of women's rights, and therefore causing potentially intentional discrimination against men and males.

Human rights is the over-arching ideal of both feminism and MRM: all humans are born with unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That's not just something the founding fathers of the US purported; those three basic explanatory terms are in the foundation of many faiths, religions, cultural codes and creeds, and other societal definitions from around the world and throughout time. As we, the intelligent world, accept that race has absolutely jack to do with who we are as individuals and a species in whole, the notion that we all have the same rights as given to each other by each other drives forward, creating a more equinimitable global society.

Of course, this does not take into account cultural clashes in a liberal society, but we can discuss that if you wish. I can also recommend some readings and videos to watch, if you're interested.
Feminism seeks to bring equality in society through focus on promoting women. While they will generally espouse the idea of equality (or equity; not necessarily the same thing) and basic human rights, the movement seeks to achieve those goals specifically by elevating women to the perceived level of men, or sometimes bringing men down to the perceived level of women. Regardless, the yardstick for "equality" is conditionally defined by focus on the feminine gender, hence the name of the movement.
Human rights are just that; rights perceived to belong to all humans, and generally without an ideological focus (though many proponents will often skew to more liberal mindsets asa they define these "rights").

"Menism" is not a term I've ever heard used seriously.
whooaa. stop that sexism. Menism and Mens Rights Activism is only a joke to the man-hating feminists that try to minimize men's rights and downplay their issues, and who want people to THINK its retaliatory. But those are only the man-hating feminists, and most feminists are no man-haters. ALL people need to have equal rights.

Let's talk Custodial Inequality. 80% of custodial parents in the US are mothers, and only 20% of custodial parents are fathers. That's not just there are valid cases of males being abused, discriminated, etc'--- That's a HUGE discriminatory discrepancy, and it's a men's issue that needs to be addressed by men's groups and men's rights activism. But it's not an equality issue that is currently addressed by feminism.
75% of students in college and graduating from college are women. Only 25% are male students. That's a MALE equality issue that feminism doesn't address, so menism and MRA and other men's rights activism needs to address it.
Men and women's equality issues may be different, but working on addressing or raising men's equality issues should not be a threat to feminists. Men have a right to work on their own equality issues without being called 'a joke' or 'retaliation'. (Especially seeing as feminism isn't addressing these male equality issues). We should all want equality for everyone.4
And now that the US DoJ began publishing statistics for prison rape beginning in 2008, we know that more men than women are victims of forcible rape in the US. This is a men's issue...prison rape...that feminism doesn't address, so menism and MRA and other men's activism have to address it.Feminism is the belief that women are treated unequally, and that that should be changed, though it also covers people in general, not just women. It also works to "destroy gender roles" and make it so that you can be and act however you want without being judged for it based on your gender. Gets really skewed, and people use the name to push their own personal beliefs.

Human rights is probably a better name for all that. And it probably encompasses more than general feminism.

Meninism is a parody.
I'm sorry but I can't stand feminism. I love the idea on how men and women have no gender roles and are equal in society every way shape or form, but I hate the word. If a group this large is fighting for equality, the shouldn't be putting themselves under a flag that only supports them. I get their thinking, but if you're going for equality, be an equalist. If people keep using the term feminism, there will always be a group of people who think of feminists as feminazis and other horrible things. Equalists gets rid of those bad names.