sadfasdfgarg34tgg asdfwreg 24tgwg wniggerasdf dfasdfawef
sdfsdaf
asdfa
sdfa
sdfa
sdfasdfasdfasdf
asdfasdfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjddddjdjdjdadifaolfhibaklsdjfhasdkfhdksjhfeuihksdjfhkdlsjfhlkhdflkjfhkjlllllllllllllld
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
defsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Whether these accounts are serious or not, I have a problem with the message behind them. Although they may not be intended to be offensive, it certainly comes off that way.

I believe the entire menism movement is insulting to feminism and all of the hard work that we’ve been putting into this movement. After years of oppression, we are finally making some leeway. Don’t get me wrong - we still have a ways to go. But there are communities now and safe places for girls to talk. Websites like tumblr offer salvation and are a way for supporters of the feminist movement to come together.

So my question is this: why do people feel the need to joke about it? Why do people feel the need to make up an entirely ridiculous “movement” to mock the oppression of women? I think it’s wrong.

Tweets like this one are extremely degrading and unnecessary. Yes, there are many issues with third wave feminism. Yes, the movement is far from perfect. Creating a parody twitter account, however, is just downright distasteful.

I hope that one day society as a whole is more understanding of feminism. I hope one day everyone understands the severity of the gender gap. I also sincerely hope that one day accounts like this will be obsolete.
